Whatever you do for others...
comes around to help you,
as well, in the end.
Run.
You...
You're getting in the way, so just run.
EPISODE 4:
THANK YOU, TOKITO
I sliced off what I thought was its head,
but rather than disintegrate,
its body is regenerating.
So, that must be it.
It was getting its power from that vase.
So, it's definitely a product
of Blood Demon Art.
Thank you!
I thought I was a goner!
I thought I was dead!
I was so scared!
I shouldn't have called you
"seaweed head"!
I'm so sorry!
You called me "seaweed head"?
Sorry! I didn't like you!
I don't have time for this.
I'm leaving now,
so do whatever you want.
Wait!
They attacked Mr. Kanamori, too!
When I went to help him out,
that monster assaulted me!
Mr. Haganezuka's been working non stop
without sleep to restore a sword...
so if he stops even for a second,
that will be the end of it!
Please...
save him!
Please!
No...
I...
You'll be able to find yourself
again for sure...
Muichiro.
I know you must be confused,
but for now, just focus
on living, nothing more.
As long as you're alive,
things will work out.
You'll regain your lost memories
without fail.
There's nothing to worry about.
Just don't let your chance slip away.
It will start out
as something insignificant...
and then it will clear away...
the mist in your head.
Whoa!
Hold up!
Go a little slower, will you?
Just a tiny bit slower!
Don't talk, or you'll bite your tongue.
Is this the right thing to do?
Isn't this going to keep me
from protecting the entire village?
No, I can do it.
Because I'm a Demon Slayer
who's been recognized by the Master.
The Mist Hashira...
Muichiro Tokito.
Oh, snap!
I slashed it!
What should I do?
I'm creating more of them!
The same name?
I get it!
That's how it works!
Their attack power's weaker!
It probably can't split off into
the stronger clones indefinitely.
Those characters inside its mouth
that I got a glimpse of.
Emotions...
Those four are the most powerful versions, right?
If they divide any further...
they get weaker!
Behind me!
I have to defeat it!
Even just one of them!
I need to get back to Nezuko and Genya!
Where's the demon?
The mouth that I stabbed is gone!
So...
it can't split off any further?
How do you like my talons?
How swift, how sharp they are?
They're strong enough
to even smash diamonds!
Go on, tremble!
Make that joyful bloodspray...
gush out even more!
You, too!
Now you've gone and done it!
I want to get back
to Nezuko and Genya right away!
What am I going to do?
Nezuko...
Hang in there!
Keep trying, little girl!
You're almost there!
Come on, what's the matter?
Would you hurry up and dismember her?
I'm getting more and more annoyed!
Keep your hands to yourself!
This girl's mine!
You and Aizetsu can get lost!
Karaku...
I will... finish off that girl.
My spear is stuck?
I'm the one you're gonna fight!
Why are you getting blasted
like that, Aizetsu?
So infuriating!
You're a fool!
Dammit!
It's coming out!
How sad it is
not to be able to die instantly.
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
SWORDSMITH VILLAGE ARC
I went for his vital spot
so he could die right away,
but I guess he couldn't die
with my spear still lodged in his body.
But now, at last, he can die.
Shaekoku Gijugikkodokuon...
Yodaibikushu.
What's this?
The Amida Sutra?
Yodaibikushu.
Well, isn't he a devout one?
Can't you see he's still alive?
Split his head into two, Aizetsu!
I was just about to do that,
so stop yelling at me.
You're making me sad.
I'll slice your head off as many times
as it takes until you're dead! You scumbag!
Crap! I can't dodge this lightning!
Damn that bastard with the staff!
What's going on?
Why won't he die?
After Aizetsu dealt him a fatal blow?
Hey, what's this?
That guy looks more fun!
I'm done with you, little girl!
Sekido!
After I've ripped this girl's limbs off,
you impale her with your staff,
then if you keep blasting her with lightning,
she'll be immobilized, huh?
That was my plan from the start!
What kind of a ferocious kick was that?
What are you doing, you idiot?
That was quick! It's faster now!
I need to get back!
The building they're in is so close!
What are you going to do? Think!
I know!
If I can't bring the demon down here...
Wait...
but that might just make
matters worse!
I don't know what to do!
Make up your mind!
You have no choice now but to do it!
Nezuko! Genya!
Don't die!
I'll be there soon!
So, did you finally die?
Kaizedaiarakan shushochishiki
chorosharihotsu...
You're still alive, then?
Kaizedaiarakan shushochishiki
chorosharihotsu...
Makamokukenren Makakasennen...
You're still alive, then?
What is this?
Makamokukenren Makakasennen...
Who the hell are you anyway?
You really wanna know?
My name is Genya Shinazugawa!
Make sure you don't forget it!
That's the name...
...of the man who's going to kill you!
Nezuko and Genya
are in that building right there!
I'm going there!
In one go!
Don't misjudge the direction!
Use the demon's ability to fly
and momentum!
To save Nezuko and Genya...
as soon as possible!
Huh?
So, you're making a run for it?
You're all out of energy now?
I knew it! It's light!
Or else it wouldn't be able to fly around...
with wings this size!
I can make it!
Nezuko! Genya!
First Karaku, now even Urogi...
What the hell are you doing?
Nezuko!
Stop that!
Infuriating! Infuriating!
Urogi's foot!
Flesh made of the same cells as my own!
Impervious to lightning!
This little brat...
has good intuition!
Just now...
he came into this room,
and in the blink of an eye...
he sliced off Urogi's foot!
He can think on his feet in battle!
I can't cut off its head with my sword!
Its tongue!
Go for its tongue!
If their tongues are slashed...
these demons...
take just a little while longer to recover!
All right! I can pull it out!
Curse you! I'll make you pay for this!
This is bad!
The demon's already recovered?
It stopped.
Nezuko!
What an insolent spell!
Amazing!
Look how effective Nezuko's blood is!
Nezuko!
You look like you're having fun!
Let me join you guys!
Unbelievable pressure!
It's crushing our bodies!
And now... for the final blow!
Enemy attack!
Demons!
Get up!
Enemy attack!
Protect the village!
Hurry! Hurry!
The village is in danger!
We must rush to its aid
as soon as possible!
I've got to hurry! I've got to hurry!
The villagers are all in danger!
But... to think I was stationed
so close to the swordsmiths' village...
Who knew?
Hurry! The village is close to destruction!
All right! I'm going to give it my all!
Long time no see!
Junior High and High School!!
Kimetsu Academy Story!
I'm Mitsuri Kanroji, aged 19!
My dream is to bring joy to people
all over the world with my paintings!
Hey, listen to me, will you?
When will I meet the gentleman
who's going to make me happy?
No one's ever going to fall in love
with someone like you.
Whaaaaat?
Your hair's pink, you're a voracious eater,
and you're crazy strong.
Bummer!
That's why you paint!
That's the life you're meant to live!
You're right!
Painting is all I've got!
The only thing that can bring joy
to everyone is my art!
Next, Episode 5, "Bright Red Sword"!
But I do wish I had a boyfriend after all!